Support for NPR music comes from Capital
1, proud supporters of NPR music and the
Tiny Desk contest. What's in your
wallet? Learn more at capital1.com.
>> All right, [clears throat] let's start
off with something new. I'm going to do
a lot of old stuff, but I need to warm
myself up. Can y'all [music] make some
noise out there?
This song is real simple. It says this.
You You may be [singing] wondering why
this world feels colder. I hear the
voices cry out and getting
[singing and music] bolder. Say what?
Deep down inside you got to feel like
it's over. [music] But I'm here.
>> I see the sun. I see the rain.
[singing and music]
>> You know we knew [singing]
the
>> I will teach you your part. One to show
that we
>> love never fails.
[music]
>> Say never fails.
>> Say never fails. [music] Let me hear.
>> Let me hear you say never fail. Never
[music] fails. Never fails.
[music]
Never
fails. Never fails. The pills
never fails. The bell fails.
Fails. The bell fails. Never fails.
>> Make some noise in here.
All right. Right. Right quick. I ain't
got a lot of time. I got a lot of songs
to sing. I ain't got a lot of time. But
I want to thank NPR,
>> Tiny Desk, and BET.
I want to introduce everybody. I got
Philip Feast, my MD.
I got Steve Brutin on keys.
I got Lacy Comr on drums. I got Mo
Turner on bass.
Ace of Ward on keys. [cheering]
Marcus McFarland on vocals. Gary Mc Gary
Edwards on vocals. My niece Rachel
Hammond. And my daughter Brie Hammond.
[cheering]
And I just want to lift up a word of
prayer right quick. Lord, it's simple.
[music] be glorified.
>> All right. Amen.
>> I'm going back to BET 2003. I introduced
this song on BET. HIT ME. 1 2 3. Say it.
[music]
>> I know it. [singing]
>> I know he lives.
>> I believe he lives.
>> I'm sure he lives. [singing and music]
>> I'm sure he lives.
>> How y'all doing today?
>> I know [music and singing] he lives.
>> The Savior lives.
>> Oh yeah.
It's time to celebrate the savior and
his word.
Let's shout because we know he lived and
we certain
love is set free. The
[singing and music] enemy is defeated.
If with me, if with me you are great.
[singing and music] Come on. Let me hear
you say everybody.
>> Everybody [singing] lift your hands.
[music]
Jesus is the word. up and give him
praise. Let's do it [music and singing]
in a hurry.
>> If you love him, let's glorify in the
song [music and singing] in the dance.
>> We knew.
>> We know the Savior lives. Come on and
lift up your hands.
>> Understand just why we dance. Let me
tell you how this thing went down. A
news spread so very fast. People came
[music and singing] from all around.
This would be the day Christ [music]
would be crucified.
He took his last breath. He hung head
and [singing] he died. They took my
savior down off of that rugged cross.
[music]
They laid him in a tomb. It seemed our
hope was truly loose. But the third day
[singing] came around and broke the
river of life. Yeah. The stone rode
away. The angel proudly proclaims
>> he lives.
>> He
lives in the river.
>> Christ is rising. [singing and music]
[singing]
[music]
Jesus is alive.
>> Make some noise and hear. [music]
Let's do this one. Let's do this one.
One, two, one, two, three. And but I'm
going to need you to put your voice on
this. [music]
On this side, make some noise.
>> This side. Everybody let me hear you say
back.
>> The Lord shall shall renew their
strength. They shall not
[singing and music] walk up way like an
eagle and sword. They shall run and not
be weary. [music] They shall walk in.
I say I say wait [music and singing] on
the Lord and I say wait on the Lord.
Wait [music and singing]
on the Lord.
>> Wait [singing and music] on the Lord.
>> [music]
>> I feel all be
[applause and cheering]
>> 1986. Let me get a let me get a little
I'm going back to 86.
>> Let me hear y'all say 86.
>> 86.
We had an album and it we look like
Miami Vice on it.
I'm going back to the commission catalog
for just a second.
How can you forgive me when I've
[singing]
gone astray?
How can you think of me
when I [singing]
do things my way?
Turning my back on you,
the one who loved [singing] me first.
Having my own [singing]
desires,
renewing
worldly thirst.
You [music] told me you could keep me,
[singing]
but I [music]
turned it away.
I failed [singing] you so much now.
I [music] don't [singing] know what to
say.
Using the same excuse [singing]
that I am just a man.
You tell me [music and singing] you have
been there
and hold your nail
scarred hand [singing]
so I can see.
Now I know [singing] I am free [music]
and I am running back [singing]
to you. I see you're standing there for
me. Your arms are open [singing]
wide
and I don't have to [singing] cry no
more. You're [music] standing there for
me and I [singing] am running
back to [music] you.
Why did I go away?
And I know [singing] I am no good when
I'm on [singing] my own.
[music]
All right, I'm going back to something
real old. Millennials, y'all might not
know this one, but just sing what the
people sing.
One, two, one, two, three.
[music]
>> Say this.
>> Jesus.
Say all right
because I want you to protect me as I
travel [music and singing] along the
way.
>> I know you can.
>> Yes, Lord.
>> I know you will.
>> Yes, Lord. [music]
>> My battle Lord.
>> Yes, Lord.
>> Lord, be all around me every day.
>> I need y'all to say this. Jesus be a
vincer.
>> Jesus be a
>> vincer. [music]
>> Jesus be a vincer.
>> And I come and go.
>> Jesus be a
>> Jesus be.
>> Jesus [music and singing] be a
>> you have be
>> Jesus be
a Lord.
>> [music]
>> us.
We
>> need protection.
>> Protect
[music]
the
>> protection. Protect [music]
me. I know the way.
>> I know the way. I know the way I love.
The way the way
[music]
>> Jesus feel
>> Jesus
>> Jesus [music]
your hand.
[music]
Somebody make some noise [music] on this
side.
This side.
[music] Protection.
>> Protction.
>> Protection.
>> An election.
>> Protest.
>> Protest. Just put your hand.
[music]
A rection
>> protest.
>> A rection.
>> Protest.
>> Protest. [music]
>> A reelection.
>> Protest.
>> Protection.
>> Protection. [music]
>> Protest.
>> A protection.
>> Protest. It's a blue.
[music]
[cheering]
[applause]
>> You know, [cheering]
the other day I posted something that a
lady, she was angry at the church.
>> She was really mad. I left the profanity
on there and everything.
because you need to hear what people
really feel. [music] And she had an
issue with us singing this particular
song. [music] She said, "We sound stupid
because of the racism in the world and
the and the politics and and [music] how
many people has taken advantage and that
we still keep singing this song."
And I [music] I kindly said, "Well, this
post
is a weapon."
And you think it's going to stop me from
singing? I [music] understand your
point. But to that point I say to her
simply, "No weapon
formed against me
shall prosper." Everybody's
going to work.
>> No. [music and singing]
Yeah. [singing]
>> It won't work.
>> It won't work. [music] No
armed against [singing]
shall [music] I
[singing] say things I know God will do
what he [singing and music] said he will
do.
>> He will stand by his word. [music]
>> He will go
will do what he [singing] say. Yeah.
[music]
Yeah, stand by his way.
He will come.
>> I won't be afraid [music and singing]
of the air of my day. From the hands of
my [singing]
enemy.
I can stay and ground when I lie. For
the [music] snares and the jumping set
will not succeed. Somebody say it with
me. No
>> weapon formed [music and singing]
against me
shall prosper.
>> He won't work. No [music] weapon formed
against man
shall [music and singing]
prosper.
[music]
>> There just ain't one. There [singing]
just ain't one.
>> There just ain't one.
>> There just ain't [singing and music]
one.
>> Yeah. Yeah. There just ain't one.
>> There just [singing] ain't one.
>> How many is it [singing and music] say?
>> There just one.
>> If you lose your job,
>> there's just one.
>> Don't know how you're going to make it.
>> There's just [music and singing] day
one.
>> God has got your back. just stay one.
>> God has got your back.
>> If your mother and father forsake you,
>> just stay one. If your friends talk
about you like a
>> dog [singing and music]
They were majest. Just
[music]
>> one.
>> They were just one.
>> Just
one. [music]
one.
>> Day one.
>> They just stay one.
>> Day one. [music] We're just one
[music]
for [singing] against
shall prosper. [music]
>> Make some noise [music] out there if you
believe.
Make some noise if you believe it.
Let's go to this one.
had [singing and music] a life,
sent down from glory.
Many [singing and music] things you were
on earth, a holy king, a carpenter.
[singing]
Hallelujah.
>> You said, [singing and music]
>> heaven,
>> sent down from glory,
>> sent down from glory. Many things many
[singing] things you were [music] on
earth.
>> But we call you by your name. Your name.
[singing] Your name [music] is Jesus.
>> Jesus. Jesus. That's how we go.
>> That's what we call you.
>> Major major born. [singing]
[music]
>> Everybody in this room
in prayer.
>> [singing]
[singing]
>> One more time. One more time. One more
[music] time.
Say I
say
that's calling by his name. The name of
[music] every name
Jesus.
>> Jesus. Jesus.
>> That's [music] what we call him.
>> That's what we call you.
>> Jesus. Jesus.
>> Jesus. Jesus. [music and singing]
Jesus.
>> Jesus. Jesus.
>> That's where we go. You are.
>> That's what we call you. [music]
>> Jesus. Jesus.
[singing]
>> Make some noise in here.
>> [applause]
>> I'm going back to 1998.
>> 98,
>> not 2008 or 2008. 1998.
>> 1 2 1 2 3.
[music]
Simple song.
HERE WE ARE. Let's get on the accord.
Leave all your problems on the outside.
You're consumed [music] with the Holy
Ghost fire. Open up your mouth and lift
the name of Jesus. [music]
>> Are you ready for your mercy? [singing]
>> Say, are you ready? Are you ready for
your miracle
[singing]
with the praise [music] in the ring? Are
you
>> Are you ready for darkness? [music]
>> Say, "Are you ready? Are
>> you ready?"
>> Yeah.
>> The [music] enemy
jump
in the ring. Raise up. [music]
>> Praise him.
>> Raise up.
>> Saying the praise.
>> Praise him. Sing praise [music] him.
>> He's here.
>> He's here right now. What you got?
with victory. [music]
>> It's your praise.
>> Victory.
>> Your praise.
>> Sing your praise. Salvation. [music]
Your praise for your praise.
>> He's here right now. God. [music]
>> He's here.
>> He's here. [music]
A flat. [applause and cheering]
When the spirit of the Lord
comes upon my heart, I will [music]
dance like David.
[music]
Dance like David. [music and singing]
Say dance
like David. [music]
>> I will sing
like David.
Sing
sing
like David [music and singing]
sing. Pray
[music] like David. [singing]
>> My [music]
baby.
>> Look at your neighbor and say E flat. E
flat.
[music]
>> Let me say bless. Say
>> bless the land.
>> Bless the land.
>> Bless the land. Bless
>> bless
[music]
a new dayless
>> bless [music]
[singing]
[music] when I come when I goless
bless
>> everybody let me hear you
>> will
[music] in the city
in the [singing]
>> [music]
>> When we come and when we go, we [music]
found every strongh.
[music]
>> Can you help me sing? Glory to glory to
glory to glory to glory [music] to glory
to God.
>> Oh yeah. To the [music] only Godavior
>> in majesty dominion [music] and power
>> forever
>> and ever
and [music] ever.
>> Glorify
Late in the midnight hour,
>> God's going to turn it around.
>> It's going to work.
>> It's going to [music] work in your
favor.
>> Yes, it will. Yes, it will.
>> In the midnight hour, God's going to
turn it around.
>> Around.
[music]
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. [music]
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> Say yeah.
[music]
>> Say yeah. Yeah.
>> Put your hands together. [music]
Break it down.
When they ask me how was tiny. Keep it
going. Keep it going. Just break it up.
When they ask me how was Tiny Desk, I'm
going to have to say this to them.
Tiny
know how to party
>> in the Holy Ghost.
>> Hey, [music]
let me hear y'all.
>> Tiny
>> know how to party?
>> In the Holy Ghost.
>> Hear y'all say, let me hear y'all say
tiny dance.
tiny.
>> There's no [music] kind of body in
>> in the Holy Ghost.
>> In the Holy Ghost.
>> In the Holy Ghost. [music]
>> Let me see.
>> In the Holy Ghost.
>> In [music] the Holy Ghost.
>> In the
telling you in the [music] midnight
hour.
>> God's going to turn it around.
>> It's going to work.
>> It's going to work in your favor.
[music]
Last time
in the midnight hour going to turn it
around and around
and around and Heat. Heat.
[music]
>> [cheering]
[applause]
[cheering]
>> Thanks for watching. Support for NPR
music comes from Rivian, makers of all
electric adventure vehicles designed
with the planet and future generations
in mind.
A quick update before you go, we're
doing another Tiny Desk giveaway. Enter
[music] by September 12th, 2026, and you
and a friend could win a free trip to DC
to see a Tiny Desk concert live in
person. You [music] even get to choose
which upcoming show you want to see. And
it's completely free to enter. Just go
to npr.org/tinyes
giveaway. Entering is completely free,
but you can get more entries by snagging
some limited edition Tiny merch or by
making a special donation to the NPR
network. Learn more and enter today at
npr.org/tinyes
giveaway.